Fix dev docs for VarName (#1527)
TuringLang/Turing.jl: docs/src/for-developers/compiler.md

# `VarName`

> In order to track random variables in the sampling process, `Turing` uses the struct `VarName{sym}` which acts as a random variable identifier generated at runtime. The `VarName` of a random variable is generated from the expression on the LHS of a `~` statement when the symbol on the LHS is in `P`. Every `vn::VarName{sym}` has a symbol `sym` which is the symbol of the Julia variable in the model that the random variable belongs to. For example, `x[1] ~ Normal()` will generate an instance of `VarName{:x}` assuming `x` is in `P`. Every `vn::VarName` also has a field `indexing`, which stores the indices requires to access the random variable from the Julia variable indicated by `sym` as a tuple of tuples.  Each element of the tuple thereby contains the indices of one indexing operation (`VarName` also supports hierarchical arrays and range indexing). Some examples:

Reviewer: Minor suggestions, mainly since the changes to `VarName` also introduced an additional type parameter (hence `VarName{:x}` is an abstract supertype rather than the type of a `VarName` instance):

```suggestion
In order to track random variables in the sampling process, `Turing` uses the `VarName` struct which acts as a random variable identifier generated at runtime. The `VarName` of a random variable is generated from the expression on the LHS of a `~` statement when the symbol on the LHS is in the set `P` of unobserved random variables. Every `VarName` instance has a type parameter `sym` which is the symbol of the Julia variable in the model that the random variable belongs to. For example, `x[1] ~ Normal()` will generate an instance of `VarName{:x}` assuming `x` is an unobserved random variable. Every `VarName` also has a field `indexing`, which stores the indices required to access the random variable from the Julia variable indicated by `sym` as a tuple of tuples.  Each element of the tuple thereby contains the indices of one indexing operation (`VarName` also supports hierarchical arrays and range indexing). Some examples:
```

- `x ~ Normal()` will generate a `VarName{:x}` with `indexing == ()`.
- `x[1] ~ Normal()` will generate a `VarName{:x}` with `indexing == ((1,),)`.
- `x[:,1] ~ MvNormal(zeros(2))` will generate a `VarName{:x}` with `indexing == ((Colon(), 1),)`.

> - `x[:,1][2] ~ Normal()` will generate a `VarName{:x}` with `indexing == ((Colon(), 1), (2,))`.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this should be changed to account for the fact that `VarName{:x}` is an abstract supertype rather than the type of the generated `VarName` object.

Reviewer: Maybe one should explain `VarName` more with the constructor `VarName{:x}(indexing)` than the type and the `indexing` field?

Author: :+1:  And I'll do the same thing in the docstring as well.

Reviewer: I was a bit surprised but I just noticed that the constructor is actually `VarName(:x, indexing)` (or `VarName{:x,typeof(indexing)}(indexing)`).

Author: Yep, same here.  I'll try to find all the mistaken instances.
